steve-caitlin/README.md, before:

# Project Name

**Author**: Caitlin Sweeney/ Steve Carpenter
**Version**: 1.0.0 (increment the patch/fix version number up if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for a Code Fellows 301 class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log
<!-- Use this are to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an examples:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with GET and POST routes for the book resource.

## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
-->

Commit message:

Additional CSS rules added. Finished the README file.

steve-caitlin/README.md, after:

# Project Name

**Author**: Caitlin Sweeney/ Steve Carpenter
**Version**: 1.0.1 (increment the patch/fix version number up if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
This is a blog application that generates articles based off of raw stored
data fields for each section of a blog article.

## Getting Started
In order to get the code up and running, you'll need to clone the repository
into a directory on your own machine. Once done, you will have to navigate
into the steve-caitlin directory and run live-server or open the index.html
file inside your browser. At this point, the JS code will build all the blog
articles and insert them into the HTML page you're viewing using jQuery.

## Architecture
This code utilizes the jQuery API, standard JS, and HTML. The CSS follows a
SMACSS approach of trying to create clear and concise styling by separating
the elements into files that make logical sense.

## Change Log
2017-12-07 8:40am - Updated the README and added in some additional styling

## Credits and Collaborations
###Authors
-Steve Carpenter
-Caitlin Sweeney
###External Resources
-[jQuery](https://jquery.com/)
-[SMACSS](https://smacss.com/)
